Contributor PR: Integrate EIA Schedule 8a (#4502)
catalyst-cooperative/pudl: docs/release_notes.rst

New Data
^^^^^^^^

* Thanks to contributions from :user:`alexclippinger`, we've added cleaned EIA923
  Schedule 8A Byproduct Disposition to the PUDL database as

>   :ref:`i_core_eia923__yearly_byproduct_disposition`. Once harvested, these tables will
>   eventually be removed from the database, but they are being published until then.

Reviewer: Reworded to make it clearer that the data won't go away, just be in a different place.
```suggestion
  :ref:`i_core_eia923__yearly_byproduct_disposition`. Once harvested, this table will
  be replaced with a well-normalized version of the same data, but it is being published
  in this form until then.
```
